Normally
Shouldn't this kind of thing be invisible?
Your strange behavior just now
How could the old man not see it?
Grandpa, I didn't mean to
Is there any coincidence to seize the house?
But I really am
I literally walked through a door.
Then I came into this world
Seriously and your granddaughter is still there
We were just chatting
Grandpa, what this sister said is true
I kind of like him.
Don't kill him, okay?
Ah oops, it's over, I'm going to die again
Ultraman, the eldest daughter of my ancestral family
Who are you here to save me?
strange
Your soul has no trace of cultivation
It's like taking the soul of a mortal
Stuffed into Hill's body
And completely not excluded
Even an old man can't do it
Those who possess such means
So you're going to let me go, right?
I knew you were a good person
Hmm, you think beautifully
Let the old man rest assured when you die
Gungun I'm not dead
SOS, you are so amazing
I don't even need to go to the ICU.
I went straight to the morgue
What are you talking about?
What ICU mortuary?
Not important.
Here's the thing.
You are so amazing hahaha
There must be a way
Get me out of this body
Then send it back to the original world
Take it out
Throw it back to the original world, the old man can't do it, ah ah
I was paralyzed.
i
I had a pretty good idea.
You must hear me out
I think white
I really like that wounded human prince
That is Ye Xuan
What!
The old man killed him, ah, grandpa, don't be angry
You are so old
Don't keep fighting and killing
and
The fair child looks like a young girl at first glance.
You see, his love has not yet begun
You snuffed him out
How sad it must be, isn't it?
What is an innocent girl?
Oops, it doesn't matter.
The important thing is that he will be sad
He hates you when he's sad, doesn't he?
He hates you
Maybe I'll cut ties with you
Old age and death never meet
Stop! Don't kill me
Don't kill me don't kill me
Xier and I are not related by blood
His people will take him back sooner or later
Return
How old are you?
people
Just turned 18
Whoops 25
It's true this time. Hmm.
future
You think your parents have been through a lot
Well, to live
I recognize that Xi'er is innocent
uneasy world
Now there is a causal entanglement in this human family
There are some benefits to having you by his side
This is a secret method I left behind
You can activate this secret technique at a critical moment
Forcibly seize the body
King Xie, this secret technique can also be used to save one's life
At the age of 20, this body can be divided into two
But before the age of 20
What if Hill encounters any danger?
I want you to seize his body by force
Die for him
Otherwise, even if you escape to the ends of the earth
I understand I understand